Update docs (#3941)
AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-js: README.md

- [Microsoft Authentication Library for Angular](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-js/tree/msal-angular-v1/lib/msal-angular): A wrapper of the core 1.x library for apps using Angular framework.

### Libraries in maintenance

The [`maintenance`](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-js/tree/dev/maintenance) folder contains the source code for our libraries that are in maintenance mode (only receiving security fixes).

- [Active Directory Authentication Library for Node.js](maintenance/adal-node): A [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/) library that enables authentication and token acquisition with the Microsoft Identity platform in Node.js applications.

- [Active Directory Authentication Library for JavaScript](maintenance/adal-angular): A browser-based, framework-agnostic core library that enables authentication and token acquisition with the Microsoft Identity platform in JavaScript applications. Implements the OAuth 1.0 Implicit Grant Flow.

> - [Active Directory Authentication Library for AngularJS](maintenance/msal-angularjs): A wrapper of the core 1.x library for apps using the AngularJS framework.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Microsoft Authentication Library for AngularJS](maintenance/msal-angularjs): A wrapper of the core 1.x library for apps using the AngularJS framework.
```
I don't think this preview was in ADAL?

Author: oops, yeah I mixed up -thanks!
